I go ahead
You follow me behind. Hmm
This wavering should be made by humans, and it should be a long time ago
You can see it
When did big brother become so smart
Oops big brother
You, you, why did you suddenly stop
There is no way out, why is there suddenly no way out?
There should be a trap
Why oops, nonsense, no trap, no one has nothing to do to build such a long tunnel at the bottom of the well
Don't you have the money and experience to go to the kiln? It makes sense, okay
Find a trap, okay
I seem to have quarreled with the real and fake so fast
Are you saying that the people involved in this trap are insulting our intelligence? This won't be a trap
Hey, why are you here
How is this possible?
It turned out to be